RUMM 2383 Enable custom version (#257)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: README.md

{{< /site-region >}}

### Overriding the reported version

> By default, the SDK will report the `version` as the commercial version of your app (e.g. "1.2.44").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the SDK will report the `version` as the commercial version of your app (for example, "1.2.44").
```

> If you use an Over The Air (OTA) updates provider like Microsoft's Codepush, you can override this version to indicate which version of your javascript code is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use an Over The Air (OTA) updates provider like Microsoft's Codepush, you can override this version to indicate which version of your JavaScript code is running.
```

The recommended way is to do so by specifying a `versionSuffix` to the `DdSdkReactNativeConfiguration` object:

```js
const config = new DdSdkReactNativeConfiguration(
    '<CLIENT_TOKEN>',
    '<ENVIRONMENT_NAME>',
    '<RUM_APPLICATION_ID>',
    true,
    true,
    true
);

> config.versionSuffix = ':ota-3';

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better/easier for customers to handle the `:` separator ourselves? With the current api, version suffix could be anything (e.g.: `.5` or just `5), which could lead to ambiguous results?
Also maybe we should add in the doc the set of allowed characters for this string?

Author: Looking at the tags definition (https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/#define-tags) this makes sense to me.

```

If the commercial version of your app is "1.2.44", it will then be reported as "1.2.44:ota-3" in Datadog.

> You can also completely override the version by specifying the `version` field. However make sure you set it correctly, as it will have to match the one specified during the upload of your sourcemaps and other mapping files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also completely override the version by specifying the `version` field. However, make sure you set it correctly, as it will have to match the one specified during the upload of your source maps and other mapping files.
```
